okay here's my fifty dollar a night
hotel room I got this through my biggest
club i'm here at the treasure island
hotel okay nice size bathroom
hey dollars a night it's not bad at all
I really enjoy myself here you get the
safe here nice closet size closet I got
two beds to the one I came late
otherwise I had a king-size bed
the review here get y'all a night view
it's not bad at all gotta poop over look
at the pool here right on the strip
all right yeah I'm enjoying myself I'm
loving it this is awesome I'm getting
great deals I just been eating for free
lately down at the buffet and all the
other restaurants down here over at the
treasure island so it's not a bad girl
at all I would recommend my biggest club
to anybody fifty dollars night hotel
right on the strip I've been here for
two days now I'll be checking out two
days from now so check out my Vegas club
where you save twenty to forty percent
every major deal every major hotel deal
on the Vegas strip all right check you
out later
so